artclass1
Class is gonna be super fun today! That's because today you have art class. The teacher tells you what to do and you're ready to start fingerpainting. You're having a great time, but then you notice your friend is upset. You look up and see that Nicholas keeps painting on Kevin's art. What do you do?
artclass1
Tell Nicholas to stop. If he doesn't, call the teacher.
Perfect! It's good to have an adult help out to fix something. But you should  try to fix it first. Then call an adult if that doesn't work.
artclass2
Call the teacher.
Good guess! When in doubt, you can always ask an adult for help. There's something else you should do first though. Try again.
artclass3
Do nothing.
Not quite. When you see something that isn't right, you should do something about it. Nicholas is being mean to Kevin, which isn't right. Try again.
artclass4

artclass2
You hear a thud. When you look down, you see Candice spilled paint all over your painting. "Oh my goodness I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to spill on your painting!" What do you say?
artclass5
"It's okay, it was an accident."
Perfect! This is a good way to accept Candice’s apology. That's because it tells Candice that it's really okay, and that you know it wasn't on purpose.
artclass6
"It's fine."
Good guess! When someone apologizes, you should accept their apology. There's a better way to accept her apology, though. Try again.
artclass7
"You ruined my painting!"
Not quite. It was an accident and Candice said sorry. You should accept her apology. Try again.
artclass8

artclass3
You all keep working on your paintings. At the end of class the teacher tells you all to present your paintings and Candice goes first. "Look, I made a bunny!" Candice tried really hard on her painting, but it doesn't look like a bunny. You don't like it. What do you say?
artclass9
Say something you like about the painting.
Perfect! Candice worked really hard on this painting. It's best to talk about something you liked about it. If you really didn't like it though, it's okay not to say anything.
artclass10
Say "Wow I love it!"
Good guess! Candice worked really hard on this painting. It's good to make her feel good about it, but it's best not to say something that isn't true.
artclass11
Say "It's so ugly."
Not quite. Candice worked really hard on this painting. Imagine you worked really hard on your painting and someone said it was ugly. How would you feel? Try again.
artclass12