recess1
Is that the school bell? Looks it's time for recess! Everyone rushes outside to play and you get get out the snack mom and dad packed for you. It's your favorite! But then you notice your friend is sad - her parents forgot to pack her a snack. What do you do?
recess1
Offer her some of your snack.
Perfect! You should always share with your friends.
recess2
Don't offer, but share with her if she asks.
Good guess! You should always share with your friends, especially if they ask, but there's a better answer. Try again.
recess3
Don't share, even if she asks.
Not quite. You should always share with your friends. How would you feel if your parents forgot to pack you a snack, and your friend wouldn’t share? Try again.
recess4

recess2
Candice: "Thank you so much _name_! I feel so much better now. Say, do you wanna play a game? It looks like Kevin isn't using his ball. We should borrow it." What do you do?
recess5
Ask Kevin, "Can we borrow your ball?"
Perfect! You should always ask before taking something that isn't yours.
recess6
Tell Kevin, "Give me your ball."
Good guess! You should always ask before taking something that isn't yours. There's a better way to ask, though. Try again.
recess7
Take Kevin's ball.
Not quite. You should always ask before taking something that isn't yours. Imagine your friend tried to take your toy without asking. How would you feel? Try again.
recess8

recess3
Kevin lets you borrow his ball and you and Candice play with it. Later you get bored. What do you do?
recess9
Give Kevin his ball back, and tell him "thank you" for letting you borrow it.
Perfect! When you borrow something, you should always give it back. Also, you should say "thank you" when someone does something nice, like letting you borrow a toy.
recess10
Give Kevin his ball back and don't say anything.
Good guess! When you borrow something, you should always give it back. There's a better answer, though. Try again.
recess11
Put the ball down and go do something else.
Not quite. When you borrow something, you should always give it back. How would you feel if you let a friend borrow your toy and they never gave it back to you? Try again.
recess12